New Data Source/Resource: `azurerm_dedicated_host_group` (#5307)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/dedicated_host_group.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Compute"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_dedicated_host_group"

> sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-datasource-dedicated-host-group"

Reviewer: this is no longer needed:

```suggestion
```

description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Dedicated Host Group
---

# Data Source: azurerm_dedicated_host_group

Use this data source to access information about an existing Dedicated Host Group.

> 

Reviewer: we can remove this extra whitespace:

```suggestion
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_dedicated_host_group" "example" {
  resource_group_name = "example-rg"
  name                = "example-dedicated-host-group" 
}

output "id" {
  value = data.azurerm_dedicated_host_group.example.id
}
```

> 

Reviewer: we can remove this extra whitespace:

```suggestion
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Dedicated Host Group.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the resource group the Dedicated Host Group is located in.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Dedicated Host Group.

* `location` - The Azure location where the Dedicated Host Group exists.

> * `host_ids` - A list of ID of all dedicated hosts in the Dedicated Host Group.

Reviewer: as above - we can remove this:

```suggestion
```

> * `platform_fault_domain_count` - Number of fault domains that the Dedicated Host Group can span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `platform_fault_domain_count` - The number of fault domains the Dedicated Host Group spans.
```

> * `zones` - Availability Zone the Dedicated Host Group is scoped. Only single zone is supported. If it is absent, it means the group is using all zones in the region.

Reviewer: since this is a Data Source this is read-only:

```suggestion
* `zones` - The Availability Zones in which this Dedicated Host Group is located
```
